Added some captures about private items. (#1245)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeHybrid/permissions.md

- **Private items**: When you grant **Full Access** permission to a mailbox, you can decide whether to allow the delegate to see private items (private meetings, appointments, contacts, or tasks) in the mailbox.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The Private items can be shared with a delegated using the following procedure on your outlook desktop app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Private items can be shared with a delegate using the following procedure on your Outlook on Desktop app:
```

> > 1. Go to File/Account Settings/Delegate Access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 1. Go to **File** > **Account Settings** > **Delegate Access**
```

> >  ![Delegate Access Menu 1](../../README-media/Private_Item_Menu1.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  ![Delegate Access Menu 1](../../README-media/Private_Item_Menu1.png).
```

> > 2. On the next windows click on Add. A new menu will appears with the people inside of your organization, select a delegate and then click Ok.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 2. On the next, windows click on **Add**. A new menu will appear listing the people in your organization. Select a delegate and click **OK**.
```

> > 3. The following Image will appears, where you can select the Checkbox related share private items with a delegate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 3. The following image will appear, where you can select the related checkbox to share private items with a delegate.
```
